# Locus Random Samples Generator for POPGENE

**Locus Random Samples Generator for POPGENE** is created to locus random sample experiments, and create a compatible file for POPGENE.



**[POPGENE](https://sites.ualberta.ca/~fyeh/popgene_info.html)** is a joint project development by **Francis Yeh**, [**Rongcai Yang**](http://www.ales.ualberta.ca/afns/FacultyandStaff/AcademicStaffProfiles/RongCaiYang.aspx) and **Timothy Boyle**. It is a user-friendly computer freeware for the analysis of genetic variation among and within populations using co-dominant and dominant markers.

## Requirements

Python >= 3.0



## Usage

```shell
$ [python environment path] main.py
```

**Examples**

```shell
Linux & macOS
$ python3 main.py

Windows
$ python main.py
```

**Note**: your terminal should be in the same path as the `main.py` is in. You have to create all the necessary folders in advance. If you want to run the same experiment , please empty the output folder/file first.

- The file is saved in the sub-directory `results/'experiment times'/'sampling size'/`of `main.py` for output type 1.
- The file is saved in the sub-directory `results/`of `main.py` for output type 2.



**Examples**

If you want to run 100 tests with 25 output samples, 

- For output type 1, you have to create the folder `results/100/25/`  in advance.
- For output type 12, you have to create the folder `results/` in advance.



### Input File Format

Comma-seperated values (CSV).

The input file should **only** contain samples.

**Recommendation for Mac**: If your file is generated by Excel on Mac, a Macintosh comma-separated file is expected.



### Configurations

You can change parameters in `config.py`.

`k`: output sampling size

`count`: experiment times

`output_type`: output type [`1` is to write results for different experients in separated files. `2` is to write all results in the same file.]

`input_file_path`: the path of the input file.



## Contribution

Please use *issues* on Github.com properly. To resolve every issue, you should include **all details** that would *possibly* affect the result of the product. It's an awesome practice if you use the template provided on the issues page and fill out all necessary sections.

## License

[The MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 Zhou Aotian <https://withz.at/>